Add meta-documentation about Gatsby (#878)
grafana/k6-docs: contributors-guide/README.md

# Contributor's guide

When you contribute to the docs, it helps to know how things work. On this page, you'll find links to the most important directories, and procedures about how to build locally and deploy.

> For help with the Gatsby authoring, check the [Contributor's reference](./gatsby-reference).

Author: ```suggestion
For help with the Gatsby syntax and components, check the [Contributor's reference](./gatsby-reference).
```
